# Pebbledog
## The Story
You're a little dog. You snuck into a cranky old man's house looking for a quick snack. Little did you know that this old man wasn't just any old man, he's actually a skilled wizard. He used a magic spell to lock you inside his house, and to summon his most terrifying minions. Now you have to try to get as many cocoa pebbles as you can while avoiding his minions at the same time, and hopefully you get far enough to face him yourself. You're wondering to yourself now if coming to this house was such a good idea after all.
## The Idea
I've always wanted to make a game that appealed to all audiences, and not just adults. I also wanted to make something different from the audio games we already have out there today. A long time ago, an idea popped up in my head about a game where you played as a little dog, trying to collect cocoa pebbles and scare off enemies instead of killing them. I had the entire game planned out in my head, and I loved it a lot. Unfortunately, my coding skills were almost nonexistent, so I had no possible way of making this concept a reality. However, I found myself pleasantly surprised when I heard an announcement about an audio game console in development known as the [Sonus Interactive Handheld Console](http://sonusinteractive.co.uk/). If you want more info on it or if you want to be notified when it comes out, the webpage I linked to should have more information. In short, it's a console made specifically for audio games. One of the things that caught my attention pretty quick was that it takes little to no coding abilities to make games using its development interface, (the [Sonus GDE](http://sonusinteractive.co.uk/GDE.html)). I started messing around with this little app, and while it wasn't necessarily 100% easy to use, I was still able to figure it out. However, by that time I had already forgotten about the Pebbledog dream I was fantasizing about. It would be a long time before I'd think about it again.
### How I Started
When I thought of making this game, I hardly had any sounds I could use, and I hadn't touched the GDE for a while, so I didn't quite think to use it at the time. I brought it up as a discussion with a friend of mine, but I had no plan of trying to make it again. This is because before the GDE existed, I actually made sounds for the game already, but I lost them in a hard drive crash. While I was talking about the idea, I remembered the GDE and decided to try creating the game from scratch, including the sounds. I wanted to prove to both myself and to others that I didn't need to use the same sound effects and scripts that everyone else used to make a good game. Thus, Pebbledog became a DYI project.
## Contributing to the Project
- If you'd like to contribute sounds, please use sounds that you made yourself. Pebbledog is a DYI project, and as such, sounds from publicly available sound libraries are not allowed, commercial or otherwise.
- To contribute to the code, the only requirement is that you have the [Sonus GDE](http://sonusinteractive.co.uk/GDE.html). If you're not sure how to use it, there is a [tutorials page](http://sonusinteractive.co.uk/GDE%20Tutorials.html) where you can familiarize yourself with the various concepts you need to know to use the GDE.
## Changelog for Alpha 1
- Initial Public Release.